1.Introduction
    The attached code was created to help with data processing of direct infusion-style (no chromatography) hydrogen-deuterium exchange mass spectrometry data.
    Commercial software that target analysis of HDX-data has a different structure and processing method, compared to what is required for experiments without chromatograms
    Originally, it aimed to work with LAP-LDI MS created data, which has 2 dimensions- scan numbers, and m/z spectra. Based on the spectral features found, the data can be exported into a .csv file or viewed in a pop-up window. Plots including an average deuterium uptake, maximum deuterium uptake, and a 3D graph showing all detected peaks for each ion formed.

2. How does it work?
  First, m/z values are generated by the script using either the molecule monoisotopic mass, or the peptide sequence. Various adducts can be also considered as well as added by the user. Peaks belonging to a molecule of interest are mass-matched based on the chosen ppm tolerance and values for theretical and experimental masses are tabulated together with the experimental peak intensities. Then, the intensity of found peaks belonging to the same isotopologue are normalised from 0-100. The average deuterium uptake is then calculated from normalised intensity values. Having the access to both tabulated and visual plot data points can help in making sure that the search parameters can be tailored properly to the data obtained experimentally.

3. How to use the script?
   The script can process one file at the time. The file must be converted to a .mzml format. 
